clarify draining before decommissioning in v21.2 (#13705)
cockroachdb/docs: v21.2/node-shutdown.md

- To temporarily stop a node and restart it later, **drain** the node and terminate the `cockroach` process. This is done when [upgrading the cluster version](upgrade-cockroach-version.html) or performing cluster maintenance (e.g., upgrading system software). With a drain, the data stored on the node is preserved, and will be reused if the node restarts within a reasonable timeframe. There is little node-to-node traffic involved, which makes a drain lightweight.

> - To permanently remove the node from the cluster, **drain** and then **decommission** the node and terminate the `cockroach` process. This is done when scaling down a cluster or reacting to hardware failures. With a decommission, the data is moved out of the node. Replica rebalancing creates network traffic throughout the cluster, which makes a decommission heavyweight.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To permanently remove the node from the cluster, **drain** and then **decommission** the node prior to terminating the `cockroach` process. This is done when scaling down a cluster or reacting to hardware failures. With a decommission, the data is moved out of the node. Replica rebalancing creates network traffic throughout the cluster, which makes a decommission heavyweight.
```
